# Final-Project
An Unscented Kalman Filter-based Synchronization Control Approach for Communication-Based Train Control Systems

Communication-based train control (CBTC) system is an advanced train signalling and control technology which is developed using the moving block signalling (MBS) framework. The CBTC system has been shown to be capable of improving the operational efficiency, line capacity and safety of the railway operation. The main objective in implementing the MBS framework in CBTC system is to minimize the train headways through the utilization of an inter-train continuous communication system that determine and control the position of each train more precisely. One important challenge in such an implementation is the fulfillment of the necessary requirement of having highly accurate train localization method to ensure the safety of the short headway operation. This project describes the results from experimental examination and application of a synchronization control strategy for the CBTC system using an unscented Kalman filter (UKF)-based sensor fusion approach as the localization method. In the proposed approach, the train localization task is performed using an UKF-based sensor fusion method which fuses measurement data from speed sensors and radio frequency identification tags. A synchronization control approach to ensure the safety movement of the train convoy in curved railway tracks under the MBS scheme is then proposed. The results presented in this paper show that the proposed localization and synchronization control methods can significantly improve the localization accuracy and reduce the inter-train headways.
